[Docs] Fix broken links in non-docs markdown (#463)
mckinsey/vizro: CONTRIBUTING.md

# Contributing guidelines

Contributions of all experience levels are welcome! If you're interested in making a contribution,

> please refer to our [Contributing Guide](https://github.com/mckinsey/vizro/blob/main/vizro-core/docs/pages/explanation/contributing.md) for more information.

Reviewer: Maybe let's just replace this one with the hosted doc link equivalent as well

```suggestion
please refer to our [Contributing Guide](https://vizro.readthedocs.io/en/stable/pages/explanation/contributing/) for more information.
```
